= redmine_version_burndown
* ja:
** このプラグインは、バージョンに存在するチケットの予定工数と作業実績からバーンダウンチャートを作成します。

* en:
** Version Burndown Charts Plugin create burndown chart graph for scrum from ticket's estimated hours and %Done in target version.

== Details
* ja:
** バーンダウンチャートの開始日は、バージョン内にあるチケットの中で、最も早い開始日となります。
** 実績の線は、チケットの完了日時（ジャーナルファイル）と、そのチケットの予定工数と進捗を使って計算しています。

* en:
** The start date of the burndown chart is assumed to be earliest start date in the ticket in the version.
** The line of performanse is calculated by the completion date of the ticket (by journal file) and the ticket's estimated hours and %Done. 

== Plugin Installation
* Download open_flash_chart 2.1.1.
** Unpack and move into vendor/plugins.
** Rename the plugin directory to open_flash_chart.
** If you want to get from Github, please use following command.
     cd ${RAILS_ROOT}
     ./script/plugin install git://github.com/pullmonkey/open_flash_chart.git
* Copy files from open_flash_chart/assets/* to RAILS_ROOT/public
* Download  Version Burndown Charts.
* Unpack and move into RAILS_ROOT/vendor/plugins.
* Rename the plugin directory to redmine_version_burndown_charts
** If you want to get from GIthub, please use following command.
     cd ${RAILS_ROOT}
     git clone git://github.com/daipresents/redmine_version_burndown_charts.git vendor/plugins/redmine_version_burndown_chart
* Restart Redmine.
* Login and configure the plugin (Administration > Roles and permissions > Permissions report)
* Configure the project (Project > Settings > Modules).
* Create version and set due date.
* Create ticket and set start date, estimated hours.
* Logged ticket status...
* Click to version burndown charts menu.

== Note
* 0.1.0
** I tested this plugin Redmine 1.1.2 + MySQL5.1.
** Adjust Perfect Line straight.
** Added Upper and Lower line.
** Modified caluculation logic that only use child issue's value.
** Modified meaning of done. This plugin use "% Done" value.
 0.1.0 feature made by asura(https://github.com/asura). Thank you!
* 0.0.6
** I tested this plugin Redmine 1.0.5 + MySQL5.1. 
** Added feature: Perfect Line
* 0.0.5
** I tested this plugin Redmine 0.9.2 + MySQL5.1.

== License
This plugin is licensed under GNU General Public License version 3.

